Valencia says it has to continue
playing when there was a lack in favor of
colombia team skin
attractively
of chile
now missing about valencia
the truth for the first of chile
ending the first time after tocayo
prepared play that has many things
to comment on many ingredients are from
the sticker is hooked in by
that of Valencian had to be confident in
a critical moment of the match a
moment where chile was confused
where colombia was approaching the opening
of the marker is there where there is no
relax
that is the concentration of the team should
have not to fail not another each
speech but to the lack or there was not the
What is certain is that Matías Fernández
who is a great media auctioneer
distance surprised with the shot
Of course, if there is a lack Matías Fernández
he does not touch but he had that folder and
Colombian player there there is no dig
Christmas there is not a gift
taking into account that the referee was coming
emotionally charged by the function of
new
We had distrust but not so much
will you beat javier rodríguez three
men in barrier I like this style
free for here it happens to me in the bounce
like this free shot of jaime hits
ja
heart
and
m
johnny rodríguez everything you hit your
kids balls the rhythm of the mother
being elevated
nicolás where you pay, you eat was fair and
necessary a better colombia has a
Chilean 101 Medellin 4 44 41 41
and
nothing nothing roberto the one that garcía
until almost he rose colo colo
well similar part and definition that
lack our pain
chile has a certain rendered
Sirs
professor gustavo alfaro in the goal of
aragón medio where aldo what we came
commenting with professor alfaro the
importance someone who knew how to throw
a folder in the area that was the area
center in which it is weighed and that plate of
save and the fund to look for the third
without thinking back
a player of ours falls animal or a
get up
unconditional pacific with colombia is going
from a pravia
and Colombians
when I see them everything, less money hits
to the town of bravo
3 if you listen well, gentlemen prefer
colombia one has chile who
santiago that the party is from colombia and
people are silenced completely because
there is nothing else to do and
make her the players
Colombians relocated and prof
Gustavo Alfaro at Golcaracol
breaking inside Falcao this time it was
a man who threw the gambeta that
he faced the defenders and he the one who
Accompanied by the accompaniment
it was not only timely but in the
precise definition theo to the output of the
Chilean figure that was the goalkeeper the
frago capital of fields of the
Australians goal with specific weight the
strikers pay with goals